Like an island of calm
In dark stormy seas,
God’s people
are living in peace.
With our eyes of faith,
We see beyond the clouds
And know that the storm
soon will cease.
To the ends of the earth,
There’ll be peace at last
For all eternity.
From the valleys below
To the mountaintops,
All creation will see
Peace at last.
When the new world is here,
All will be one
On earth
and in heaven above.
And the peace we’ll know
We’ve never known before—
A world ruled
by justice and love.
To the ends of the earth,
There’ll be peace at last
For all eternity.
From the valleys below
To the mountaintops,
All creation will see
Peace at last.
To the ends of the earth,
There’ll be peace at last
For all eternity.
From the valleys below
To the mountaintops,
All creation will see.
To the ends of the earth,
There’ll be peace at last
For all eternity.
From the valleys below
To the mountaintops,
All creation will see
Peace at last,
Peace at last!